( ominous theme playing )
( men speaking in Spanish )
( whispering ):
Looks like there's only
two guards down there, Paco.
Well, let's get ready
to rumble.
Apache One
to Apache Two.
Ready, Apache One.
That's a nice jacket,
Trivette.
Yeah, genuine sheepskin.
Brand new, huh.
Yeah.
Can I see it for a minute?
We're the same size.
Yeah.
Here.
Boy, it is nice.
Wha--? You!
You--
( clattering )
Hey, Jose.
Oh!
Ugh!
How come I always get
the big guy?
Just lucky,
I guess.
( chattering in Spanish )
WALKER:
Hey!
Texas Rangers!
DEA! Freeze!
Right now!
( talking in Spanish )
( gun clicks )
Drop it!
MAN: Hands are around my head.
MAN 2: Hands up!
Don't you guys just hate
days like this?
MAN:
Paco Cruz again.
MAN 2:
Who's with him?
Some Texas Ranger.
You want a two for Chuchu?
I can take Cruz
and the Ranger out together.
Right now.
Save it, ese.
Durazo has some plans
for Cruz.
Big-time plans.
( light rock action theme
playing )
( country music playing in bar )
C.D., man.
These ribs don't get
nothing but better.
It's-- It's all
in the sauce, Paco.
My own special blend.
Yeah?
Yeah.
You oughta franchise that, man.
You can make a fortune.
Really?
Yeah.
You mean, kinda like Paul Newman
on the salad dressing label.
Yeah.
I looked like Newman
when I was a young man.
Yeah?
I really did. I--
There's still a resemblance.
I mean, you can see.
Yeah!
Still resemble him in a way.
The side of my face here.
I see it!
( laughing )
What's happening, Jimmy?
Same thing, big dog.
Some more nuts.
Somebody new?
( huffs )
Are you still upset
about the jacket?
I told you
it would be replaced.
Jiminy Crickets!
I'll buy it for you myself.
Buy me what?
Hey, he speaks!
( laughs )
PACO:
So tell me, Trivette,
how do you like working
with this guy?
It's hard on my wardrobe.
But I gotta admit,
it's never been dull.
At least, not yet.
So what? You used to diss him
about his clothes too?
Paco and I go
a long way back.
Oof.
In fact,
our first assignment,
I was new on the Department
of Public Safety,
and you'd just started
with the DEA.
Yeah.
And that was the beginning
of a beautiful relationship.
You got it.
( both laugh )
Jimmy.
What?
Come here.
Jimmy, you know how it is
with old friends.
I wasn't bothering 'em.
To Cobra.
Who's that?
Our agent in Mexico
who fed us the coke mill.
Well, I hope I get a chance to
meet him sometime and thank him.
Cobra's a little
tied up right now.
Has Emilio Durazo
staked out.
That's the guy who bankrolled
the mill we just took down.
Emilio Durazo.
Head of the Mexican mafia,
right?
Not for long, if I have
anything to do with it.
Sounds personal.
You're right.
This is personal for me.
As personal as it gets.
This man is responsible
for killing children.
Babies born with drugs
in their veins.
A whole generation of kids
with no chance at a decent life.
Paco, you know what happens
when you get
emotionally involved.
You get careless.
Look who's talking.
Well, watch your back,
will ya?
Don't I always?
Ugh.
( dramatic theme playing )
The cocaine mill
was a nice bust, Walker.
Clean.
No loose ends for me
to chase for a change.
Are you tryin'
to make a point here?
Well, I can only interpret
your ongoing relationship
with other agencies
as tenuous.
Tenuous.
Does that mean I'm not
the caring, sensitive,
nineties type of guy?
Well, sometimes, my dear,
a little diplomacy
would go a lot further
than kicking down doors.
But it wouldn't be
as much fun.
How's Paco?
Great. It's good to see him.
Yeah. Oh, one more thing.
Trivette's expense sheet.
"One sheepskin jacket,
$648.37"?
Is that what he said?
Uh-huh.
That jacket wasn't worth
more than 50 bucks.
I wouldn't let him
get away with that.
Okay.
Uh, Jimmy.
We were just going over
your expense sheet, and--
Walker, I have some bad news.
It's Paco Cruz.
What about him?
You know Marlene,
that DEA clerk I've been seeing?
She says that Paco's been
missing since last night.
DEA got word
through an informant
that he's been abducted.
He was with me at C.D.'s.
He left just a few minutes
before I did.
Well, who do they suspect?
Mexican mafia.
Emilio Durazo.
Walker, they have to be
pulling out
all the stops to find him.
Don't give me that look.
This is out of our jurisdiction.
Please just let
the Feds handle it.
( resolute theme playing )
He never listens.
Just a moment, please.
Can I help you, sir?
Name's Walker.
I phoned.
Mr. Walker, I told you
Mr. Maddox was not available.
Mr. Maddox, I'm sorry.
He just...
I'll have to get back
with you.
Well, you must be Walker.
( door closes)
And you must be the guy
I can't get on the phone.
Do I sense an atmosphere
of tension here?
Let's cut to the chase, Maddox.
I'm here about Paco Cruz.
Fine. Let's do be concise.
You're with Cruz for a few
joint undercover operations.
More than a few.
Whatever.
You're here because you're
concerned with his safety.
However, I'm not at liberty
to discuss
his situation with you.
Then you're confirming
that he was kidnapped.
I can speak only
on a need-to-know basis.
Now, I appreciate
your professionalism
and care, Walker.
But you're not part
of the equation.
I've just become
part of the equation.
Okay, off the record.
All we know for sure is
that he was last seen
in Cortelano, Mexico.
What have you done
to find him?
Everything we can.
You haven't answered
my question.
We've concluded our business,
Ranger Walker.
Yeah, we have.
( door slams shut )
( melancholy theme playing )
You okay, Washoe?
Yeah.
Just thinking.
Ah.
Here, I made some tea.
Some of my own
secret ingredients
to induce serenity.
What's in it?
Well, if I told you,
it wouldn't be
a secret anymore.
( sighs )
You know, I remember Paco,
he visited the ranch.
He was a good man.
He is a good man.
If he's still alive.
If they'd a wanted
to kill him,
they'd a killed him
last night at C.D.'s.
You know, Washoe,
I know you feel
you must have to act
in order to help your friend,
but you also
took an oath
to uphold the law.
I know that,
but I've gotta do something,
even if it means
going into Mexico.
Well, then you must do
what I know you've
already decided to do.
( sighs )
Let's go.
( horse neighs )
WALKER:
Hand me that rope, Trivette.
You've got enough stuff
to take out an army, man.
I may have to.
Then I should go along.
It's not your fight.
Hand me that 950.
Uncle Ray,
you gonna help me out?
Ain't no use trying to stop
Washoe when his mind's made up.
( car approaches )
Walker, what in the world
do you think you're doing?
Going on vacation.
Hand me that box of ammo.
You're going across the border.
Your badge
doesn't mean anything.
So what you're doing
is you're walking
into hell.
With no resources.
No backup.
Uncle Ray.
I'm outta this.
I'm gonna make some tea.
I'll send you a postcard.
( country theme playing )
Mm.
And don't let me forget to call
Judge Grasos in the morning.
It's very important.
( knock on door )
Can I talk to you
for a minute, Alex?
Sure.
Just a second, Myra.
While I'm sitting out there,
I could... I don't like it.
I mean, he could be
walking into a firestorm
down there in Mexico.
I know that.
But what can we do?
We gotta do something, Alex.
I've been trying.
Call the attorney general.
Already spoke to him.
He referred me back to the DEA.
I gotta do something.
You know
what I gotta do?
I gotta start
thinking like Walker.
Jimmy! Please.
( sarcastically ):
That's all I need.
( mariachi theme playing )
( townspeople conversing
in Spanish )
( braying )
Gracias, señor.
Hey, señor.
Wanna see some watches?
Give you a good deal too.
( Vargas chuckles )
Gracias, señora.
Hey, Vargas.
Walker, what are you
doing here?
I'm looking for Paco Cruz.
Your timing is perfect, hombre.
I just got in a new shipment
of expensive watches.
Here. Let me show you.
The word is Emilio Durazo
snatched him.
That's who I'm tracking.
Huh. Then he's probably
tracking you by now, Walker.
I hope so.
Ah, you don't want to find
this guy, amigo.
He's as bad as they come.
He's way out
in the country someplace.
I don't know where, but I saw
one of his men in town today.
Chuchu Sanchez.
He passed right by here
maybe an hour ago,
bragging to a couple
of his friends about
picking up a car for Durazo.
Something very expensive.
( chuckles )
He was all excited
because he gets to drive
Durazo around in it
all the time.
Did he say where
he's going to pick it up?
Hombre, there's only
one dealer in this town.
Bernardo Lopez.
Avenidas de las Flores.
Now, this a nice one.
Authentic.
Paco had an undercover contact.
Code name: Cobra.
Uh, Cobra's in deep cover.
Do you know where?
No one knows but Paco.
What do you think, señor?
Give you
a good deal.
( chuckles )
Um, maybe I'll come back.
Ah, señor, you don't
want to buy a watch?
Hey, stay away from there.
BERNARDO:
Slowly, slowly.
Careful!
She's a beauty, no?
I told you to take it easy!
You can get out
of the car now.
She's the perfect color too.
Uh, I think.
Is it what
Mr. Durazo ordered?
Oh, yes, señor.
This is exactly the car
Mr. Durazo ordered.
I made sure of that myself.
What about the leather?
Genuine catskin.
I thought we said lambskin.
Oh, w-well, yes, of course!
And that's exactly
what it is too.
Better be.
Huh?
( chuckles )
Yeah.
It's real good.
Veritech rubber.
Cherry wood dash.
CD player. Phone.
It's all there.
( truck approaching)
Yeah, I like that
new car smell.
( truck door opens )
CHUCHU:
Hey, I know you.
You're the Ranger was with Cruz
the other night, huh.
Well, if you know that, then you
must know where Cruz is.
Don't know what
you're talking about.
Oh?
Does that jog your memory?
Maybe you should
call up Information
for his phone number.
Tell Durazo I'm coming for him.
( grunts )
Did Durazo pay
for the car already?
Yeah.
Hey!
( upbeat theme playing )
( guard whistles )
You lookin' at, eh?
( men yelling in Spanish )
( helicopter whirring )
( guard exclaims in Spanish )
What's your problem?
Ma'am.
Miss.
( door opens )
Where's Durazo?
Oh, he's downstairs.
Did you get the new car?
Maybe we can all
go for a ride.
Get out of this place
a little bit.
Sí. I am so bored!
I gotta get--
You're here to see
that Durazo doesn't get bored.
That I don't get bored.
( cries )
Animal!
Go ahead! I'm sure
Durazo will want
to know where
the bruises came from.
Ugh!
I like foreplay.
How 'bout you, Cruz?
I don't want to start
the real torture
till you're
completely warmed up.
I want the earth
to move for you, my man.
Now, tell me...
how did you find
my operation in Dallas?
Huh?
Talk to me, man!
Don't play games!
Who gave you
that information?
It was somebody
on the inside, wasn't it?
You'll never know, jefe.
( in Spanish )
Ah!
You're already dead, my man.
But I can still make you
feel the pain of living.
It will go on for hours.
Days! If I want it to.
Is that how you wanna play it?
( door opens )
Did you get the car?
Yeah, sort of.
What? What?
Talk, talk, man.
A Texas Ranger showed up.
It was the one with Cruz
the night we picked him up.
That's very interesting.
Come down here to find
his  compadre, huh?
I wonder who he is.
His name is Walker.
( laughs )
After so much, why?
Why, now, do you tell me this?
Because...
he would want you to know.
MADDOX:
Look, Ms. Cahill,
I wouldn't have come down here
if I didn't feel
the situation was critical.
But I hear
you're close to Walker,
and right now,
he's into something
way over his head.
He's been seen
in Cortelano, Mexico,
looking for Paco Cruz.
I can't verify that.
Really? Well, I can.
And if you hear from him,
you better tell him
to get his butt
back over the border pronto,
or he's at risk of losing
his badge. Or worse.
You don't have that authority.
Others do, and they're prepared
to move on it.
Wait a minute.
Paco Cruz is your man.
I would think that you'd want
to get him out too.
We're talking about the vagaries
of international law.
Sometimes it's within
our sanction to help our people.
Sometimes not.
And sometimes individuals
must be sacrificed.
That's barbaric.
That's the way it is,
and your friend Walker's caught
right in the middle of it.
So, what are you saying?
Right now, he's operating
on his own.
His badge is meaningless
down there.
He's a man without a country.
If he gets caught by either
side, he's gonna go down.
And you won't lift a finger.
I can't.
( mariachi music playing )
( patrons speaking in Spanish )
( car horn honking )
( ominous theme playing )
I've been waiting for you guys.
Is that so?
Are you gonna tell me
where Durazo is,
or do I have to
beat it out of you?
( men laugh )
Sure, we'll take you,
only you won't be conscious
when we get there.
You wanna bet?
Six to one odds.
I like those odds.
I like the odds.
How about 6-2?
I'll take that bet.
Ugh!
Oof!
Ahh! Ugh!
Uhh!
Trivette!
Ah!
What? Who was that?
I don't know.
( sheep bleating )
Oh, by the way,
nice room.
What do you expect
on Rangers' pay?
Besides...
what are you doing here?
I'm on vacation.
Besides,
postcards are cheap.
I wasn't gonna
send you one anyway.
( knocking on door )
( suspenseful theme playing )
I am Maria Alcantar.
Okay.
Maybe you know me as Cobra.
WALKER:
So Paco is alive.
If you can call it that.
I have not been able
to get in to see him
since yesterday.
I can only imagine
what they're doing to him.
At least, he's still alive,
so we have a chance
to get him out.
Alive, yeah.
As long as he doesn't talk.
As long as he has something
they want.
What do they want?
Durazo wants the person
inside his organization
that has been tipping off Paco.
Which is you.
I have been waiting
for two years
to get my revenge on Durazo,
ever since he killed my sister.
What happened?
What happens so often
the world has stopped noticing.
Like so many other children
in Mexico
looking for a way out,
looking for something better,
she wound up being
a prostitute for Durazo.
Then on drugs.
Then overdosing.
We'll take care of Durazo.
You don't have to go back there.
No, the hacienda's
like a fortress.
You won't be able
to get in without me.
We'll find a way.
I have to go back.
If I don't, Durazo will know
something is wrong.
He will kill Paco.
And if Paco dies,
it will be because
he was protecting me.
MARIA:
Okay, Durazo keeps
three Dobermans
on the grounds.
TRIVETTE:
Dobermans.
They have Dobermans.
So?
So the last time
we ran into Dobermans,
I almost lost a very nice,
very expensive pair of boots.
Not to mention a leg.
( helicopter whirring )
So I don't like dogs
that don't have hair on them.
MARIA:
Don't worry,
I'll take care of 'em.
WALKER:
What about the guards?
They rotate
at intervals.
Four are left outside
for the night after 2 a.m.
Do you know where
the alarm system's at?
The main panel's
near the front door.
What about
the surveillance cameras?
At the gate, front entrance.
You know, it's gonna
take an army
to get through that
security system, Walker.
How are we gonna do it?
We're gonna surround 'em.
( ominous theme playing )
You got a lot of heart, Cruz.
I'll give you that.
You refuse
to show weakness.
The mark of a man.
But now the thrill
is gone, my man!
I wanna know
who sold me out.
No more foreplay, man!
Talk to me!
You're scared,
aren't you, Durazo?
You're scared because
you know he's out there.
And you know
he's coming for you.
You find this man,
and you bring him to me.
Alive.
Okay? You understand me?
Sí, jefe.
I'll kill him myself!
Do it!
( chattering in Spanish )
Hey, hombre.
Sorry, amigo.
We're closed.
Maybe for good.
Oh!
I heard you were talking
to a Texas Ranger
this afternoon, huh!
I don't know.
I talk to a lot of people.
Oh!
How many gringos come
to this dust hole, huh?
Many, hombre.
This one was looking
for Durazo.
I see no one who looks
for  Señor Durazo.
Keep your eyes open
from now on, eh?
Oh!
( ominous theme playing )
Ah.
( gun clicks )
Walker...
Don't tell me...
You need my help again, huh?
I'm afraid so.
Well, it just
so happens, mi amigo,
I am in the mood to give it.
What do you need?
Right here.
Ah, no problem.
Meet me here at midnight.
( country music playing in bar )
ALEX:
I have been trying
to reach Jimmy all day.
The office said
that he called in sick,
but when I tried him
at his house,
all I got was his machine.
I think he went down to Mexico
to help out Walker.
More likely.
We have to do something.
Alex, all you have to do
is order a beer and drink it.
And then what?
When they come back,
they'll tell their story.
But what if--?
My God,
I hate feeling like this.
Alex, just relax.
Cordell's not gonna get anywhere
he can't get out of.
And you sure as hell
can't talk him out of this.
Paco saved his life.
I didn't know that.
Mm-hm.
On their first assignment,
Cordell got wounded.
Paco saved his life.
So he went down there
to return the favor.
It's just that simple.
You want some goobers?
( crickets chirping )
( car approaching )
Here she is.
( honks )
( guards yelling in Spanish )
Okay, we've got three hours.
Let's get ready.
Hey, Durazo's been
looking for you.
So?
So you'd better
see what he wants.
( scoffs )
I know what he wants.
Get away from me, you pig.
Where have you been tonight, eh?
Out.
Out where?
Since when do I have
to report to you?
I'm not your property.
I'm Durazo's girl.
Hm.
I've seen so many
like you come and go.
One day soon, he'll be
bored with you, and then...
Lapping up leftovers
from the floor
like a dog, huh?
Somebody jumped me today.
Knocked me out cold.
Funny thing, as I went down,
I thought maybe--
Maybe what?
DURAZO:
Maria!
Gotta go.
( exhales )
( rock theme playing )
What's going on, Walker?
He said he'd be here, right?
Yeah.
Trivette!
He's dead.
Sorry, Vargas.
Got the stuff.
How're we gonna use
this stuff without Vargas?
Our plan requires
three men.
Wait a minute.
What?
The watches, man.
What about 'em?
If I can modify the mechanism...
Can I do that?
I don't know. Can you do it?
We're in business, partner.
( tense piano theme playing )
Try this on.
How's that sound?
( feedback hisses )
Too dadgum loud.
Turn it down.
Just getting a snack.
You want something?
No, no.
I better go see where Raul is.
He should have
relieved me an hour ago.
( country theme playing )
Trivette, how's it going?
Right behind you, Walker.
This stuff just takes
a little more time.
Well, time we don't have.
Hurry it up.
Ten minutes.
Let's go.
I'm on it, man. Come on.
( beeps )
Hey.
You having a picnic, señorita?
Uh, this meat was
about to go bad,
so I thought I'd give
the dogs a snack.
Smells good to me.
Mm.
Like steak tartare, eh?
Hey.
You be careful.
Those dogs will
take your head off.
( acoustic guitar theme
playing )
( whistles )
( Maria whistling )
( dogs barking )
Come and get it, boys.
You all set?
Oh, yeah, buddy.
I'll tell ya,
if this thing works,
they're gonna think
we're a dang army, Walker.
Let's see.
Twenty minutes.
Let's get into position.
It's all right.
Walker's here.
( action theme playing )
Here. Just lean on me.
I told you I didn't
trust you, baby.
( grunts )
So this is your little spy, huh?
Does she hop from
Durazo's bed to yours,
telling you of all
the  jefe's plans?
Just like your sister,
huh, chiquita?
You know what happened to her.
I won't make it
so easy for you.
Go to hell.
I will see you there, no?
Chuchu, do what you want
with her.
But first, find out who else
she's been talking to.
Mami, treat him as nice
as you've treated me.
Kill them both
when you're done.
( chuckles )
Now, we're going
to have some fun.
( grunts )
I'll come back
for him myself.
Let's go. Come on.
( guards shouting in Spanish )
Trivette.
Yeah.
We got about 38 seconds
if it works.
If it works?
You said it would work.
It will.
I hope.
Anything unusual outside?
No, nothing.
What about the dogs?
What about 'em?
Where the hell are they?
I don't know.
They were here.
Turn on the lights!
Now!
( shouting in Spanish )
WALKER:
Pst.
GUARD:
Check on number three.
Let's go.
( Chuchu laughs )
So far so good.
Yeah. Boy, don't you
love this job?
What's happening?
Hey.
It's gonna work.
( alarm buzzes )
GUARD:
Drop your guns!
GUARD 2:
Don't move!
( beeps )
Let's get out of here.
Wait here.
( beeps )
( guards shouting in Spanish)
( more explosions and gunfire )
( shouting in Spanish )
Hey.
Qué?
Señor. Hola.
( gagging )
( country theme playing )
Look at me.
( grunts )
Just isn't your day.
( panting )
Trivette.
MARIA:
Let me out!
Damn it, let me out!
Get away from the door, Maria.
( gunshot )
You all right?
I'm all right.
You sure?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Let's go.
PACO:
Let him go, Walker.
I'm not finished
with him yet.
Now, I'm finished.
( men speaking in Spanish )
PACO:
Well, I guess we're
even now, huh, amigo?
I saved your life.
Now, you saved mine.
And I'd do it again.
And I as well, my friend.
WALKER:
Take care of yourself.
You too.
The three of us made
a pretty good team, huh?
You bet.
See you around.
You too.
( engine starts )
He's a great guy, Walker.
Yeah, the best.
All right.
So where we park the truck?
I don't know.
It all looks
different at night.
You don't remember?
Well, it's not like
I didn't have other things
on my mind.
Walker, I'm tired.
My feet hurt. You...
Look, the next time
you get yourself
in a situation
like this,
don't expect me
to come down here
and bail your butt out.
I didn't ask you to come.
No, not in so many words,
but you knew I wouldn't let you
come down here by yourself.
Trivette, I specifically
told you not to come.
Yeah, but see,
that's not what you meant.
You wanted me to make
the decision on my own.
Hey!
And another thing.
They didn't approve
my expense account,
so you owe me for
my sheepskin coat.
Six hundred
and forty-eight dollars,
thirty-seven cents, pal.
Can I pay you in pesos?
No, you can't
pay me in pesos!
Where is that dadgum truck?
Walker!
( guitar theme playing )
( upbeat theme playing )